and well we are here we will go back comments
I bring you white gameplay all with
the ballista so you are going to see a bit of
choose it and well I do not know what was
doing while I was playing the
true or was it super pie of
chop was playing by playing and you see
that I'm super slow at the beginning and at
final too but well just a
time and we talked a bit about the
sniper that by the way has already
come out these maps that you are seeing
for play 3 and for pc I imagine that good
maybe when I'm uploading this
video are not yet for pc because
the updates on pc are like more
late but nevertheless in place and that
I'll have them already in the morning because
they make them like with early morning hours
in the USA or something similar but good
you already have it, I imagine that
available in case someone wants to play
or imagine that many are wishing
play and other zombies on everything
that is what I played more of
this new tlc and even much more than
the multiplayer and as I tell you was
playing the trident with the sniper
as you see here is a hit mark there to
through the wood I do not even know where
points was super breached between that
I was playing and good to figure a little
that as it is we say that all those
criticisms of playing with him
etc as you see it is not to say I'm going to
tell a little from my point of view
that is, how do I play with the
sniper and like me playing from
that the cocolos and you already know that
reports playing with sniper is
you can simply use it as a
weapon more is to say I for example kill
let's say that a make a good game
let's say that playing normal or how could
play anyone not do
watermarks or anything like that
simply to what you come to play it
what do I really like and kill
many people then always use
another quote as a weapon is to say
as a tool imagine playing and
that's not all for the best super
small as knock down and what else
I know what I most want with what more
kill is with a sub-machine gun at best or with
a escopetilla not so we put the
competed to kill more then maybe
there is a map on which you put a
sniper and you kill more than if you played
with a shotgun I know what I mean
that is, it is always used
sniper on those occasions in
those that were better or the best option
than any other weapon therefore
encono city 4 is super useful in the name
of 25 practically the same model of
Her2 was also super last way
maps on which planet was that you could
bloat with the sniper and everything
he spent super well they killed a lot more
that already better with another weapon and then
also when the back went out
1 was when the disappointment began and it was
when putting on a sniper was a
mission of suicides was impossible you had
a sniper and it's that he did not kill or
is that it is not impossible to do
a good game with a sniper
you had to line up the
stars and I that something happened
incredible for me to get is for
well to say get a good game
however then the morgan came out to be 3
and we said all of you that well it's not going to
be something super good but more than
same the maps were not good that's
to play with the sniper that is
have a weapon that you say oysters
this is a good weapon that is not a
weapon that would use it because in some
Sometimes it is better not and good the truth
it's something that caught my attention
especially when this game came not
because there are many maps in which
example imagine afghan
any map like that and quite large not
is that a compiler is good because
then good games like
sniper or I have good games
with a sniper because let's say
in this case it was the best option
they used a sniper and the truth is that
I do not know I want to walk 'you because I know
than the rest of people who maybe
play with the sniper to get out
your montages or kill fitz and so on
the best thing seemed to him that the modern
warfare 3 where the truth is that I saw
pretty people with the sniper and
others because those seemed to be super
good and so on I do not know what it is that has
seemed this white all that yes that
I know I have not seen many people
complain and I've seen other times when
when I see montages of people I see say
that a lot of casualties and enough
snipers uses the people that you
you can put with this with the x pr with the
Frank staple to give only the head
let's say enough variety and these
I seemed to ask all those
how to play you with a
sniper and how do you find him as
compared to other call of duty if
I have not told you that for me the best was
with 84 in sniper account and also
in modern warfare 2
in fact I would say more the module for pigs
for a reason why you put on
play and you could get the streaks from
away with the sniper and then already
you put a little more
to more closely advancing a little more
and he brings from all runs as
you can do a lot for back that
example that with the 4 in fact there was
maps that like for example map of
matojos or the map on which always
he used a lot of sniper and
They took it out like in modern warfare2
as a tlc not as a content
downloadable basically as for example
this map that you are seeing here not that
it came out in the dark pack
practically they took it out like a dlc and
I swelled to kill seriously killed
very much with the gusts until here
we take air supports we take a
bunch of thanks as I tell you and the
agent personally did not like
especially the pigs model I think it's
the best
say that all one example of how
I was happy with him with the collector
that is to say with a lot of people I thought that
It was too easy, so play with
he but let's say he can serve
better a lot of people are the ones who
I personally like where I remember
that more French did but yes that is
to say is true that in this game it is
super balanced and the truth is that no
you can also make very
good with the sniper so nothing
it is simply for you to tax
in the comments what is it that you
it seems the video has liked to vote it and
we 're going to the next one just all